hello everyone wants more this is Grand
bulwark with Skyrim project stability
I'm going to talk to you guys today
about credit papyrus logs now a couple
of things we need to come first first of
all fire logs are not crash logs this is
an example the mod that we will isolate
that is causing the spam this time is
not broken it is being used as an
example ah just let's get that out of
the way the next thing that you need to
consider is that while common sense
would direct you to the loose scripts
folder in your Skyrim data folder this
is probably the most difficult way to
troubleshoot where these scripts came
from today we're going to cover how to
look in if your mod manager which mine
being NM we're going to cover how to
look through your mod managers mod file
which can be found like this open NM
mods folder which opens right here as
you can see in here these are all the
mods that you have in the plugins tab in
their archived form they are not in the
game folder and they are not currently
affecting anything so in this example we
will isolate the N add-on stat script as
if it were causing an issue in our
current loader so what we're going to do
is go through here now you can repeat
these steps for literally any mod that
there is I it's very easy to do though
it can get time soon ok so remember we
are looking for in a Don stats script
now not going to save that what we're
going to do as I said I already know
what's causing the issue and it is the
deadly dragons deadly monsters Adam
which can be found right here now to
verify that this is in fact causing the
issue I'm going to unrar them from here
which I'd already done once i'm going to
move and replace that i'm going to drag
them to my desktop from their archives
this again will not affect anything
that's happening in your game folder
this is just a way to find out which
mods are causing script spam in this
case I've dragged both put pieces of the
mod to BSA and the ESP for now we can
disregard the ESP entirely it's not
necessary for this part of the step what
we're going to do here is use BSA opt
which if you didn't know it's a very
very useful utility it for bethesda
softworks archives in this case we're
going to use BSA up like so you're going
to click browse browse to whatever BSA
it may be for you that you suspect as
scripts and may be causing issues and
open it up and as you can see it has a
very similar file structure to what your
data folder itself would have you see
here the scripts folder and if you look
down here what do you know the N add-on
stats script so for this mod causing
your issues you've now just isolated the
issue to that particular mod again this
mod does not cause issues this is purely
an example another important thing to
consider is that not all log spam is
related to crashing and testability
issues some things are recorded on logs
normally you are looking for repetitious
examples of errors and errors right
before the end of the log at but that
could have likely caused you to cry
in the first place uh again you have any
questions feel free to post on the
forums for the god and i hope you guys
have enjoyed this thank you all